# Spree Stock Notify

Stay updated with stock notifications in your Spree store effortlessly. This extension enables you to notify users when product stock is replenished, enhancing the shopping experience and ensuring customers never miss out on their favorite items.

## Features

- **Effortless Setup:** Enable stock notifications seamlessly, ensuring your customers are promptly informed about stock updates.
- **User-Friendly Interface:** Manage stock notification settings easily from your Spree admin panel, providing a hassle-free experience for administrators.
- **Automatic Processing:** Notifications are sent automatically when stock is replenished, eliminating the need for manual intervention.
- **Enhanced Customer Experience:** Keep your customers informed and engaged, fostering loyalty and satisfaction.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:

    ```ruby
    gem 'spree_stock_notify'
    ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler

    ```ruby
    bundle install
    ```

3. Copy & run migrations

    ```ruby
    bundle exec rails g spree_stock_notify:install
    ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Usage

To manage stock notifications feature in nextbrand, navigate to the "Features List" section from store setting in admin panel. Here, you can enable or disable this feature as per you store needs. 

By enabling this feature, customers gain the ability to stay informed about product availability directly from the product description page on your storefront. When a product is out of stock, a **Stock Notify** button becomes visible, allowing customers to express interest in receiving notifications when the product is restocked. This empowers customers to effortlessly stay updated on their favorite products and enables you to re-engage them when items become available again.

### Automation

The notification process for customers is fully automated. Every day, an email is sent out to customers, notifying them about their selected product variants' availability when they are back in stock. This ensures that customers remain informed about the products they're interested in without any manual intervention, providing a seamless experience and fostering customer satisfaction.

### Customisation
 - **Design**: Update the HTML and CSS of the email template to match your brand's aesthetics. You can change colors, fonts, and layout to align with your brand's style guide.
 - **Dynamic Content**: Personalize the email content by including dynamic variables such as the product name, product image, and a direct link to the product page.
 - **Branding**: Include your company logo and branding elements in the email header or footer to reinforce brand recognition.
## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle update
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_stock_notify/factories'
```

## Releasing

```shell
bundle exec gem bump -p -t
bundle exec gem release
```

For more options please see [gem-release README](https://github.com/svenfuchs/gem-release)
